Ei 355 maj version keycloak (#32)
CQEN-QDCE/digital_marketplace: openshift/README.md

# Devexchange deployment in Openshift

## Procedure

1. Checkout from cqen repo (branch default experimentation)
    ```bash
    git init
    git remote add origin https://github.com/CQEN-QDCE/digital_marketplace.git
    git checkout -t origin/experimentation
    ```

2. Deploy components from the openshift/templates yaml files
    
    2.1 In terminal, login to the Openshift cluster

    ```bash
    oc login --token=<token-opnshift> --server==https://api.exp.openshift.cqen.ca:6443
    ```
    *get the token from command line tools in Openshift [here](https://oauth-openshift.apps.exp.openshift.cqen.ca/oauth/token/request)

    2.2 Deploy keycloak with your github client
    ```bash
    oc process -f openshift/templates/keycloak.yaml -p GITHUB_CLIENT_ID=<your-github-id> -p GITHUB_CLIENT_SECRET=<your-github-secret> | oc apply -f -
    ```
    *Add protocol TLS to the route in Openshift
	2.2 Deploy app-digmkt-build.yaml
    ```bash

>     oc process -f openshift/templates/app-digmkt-build.yaml -p NAME=dm | oc apply -f -

Reviewer: Il faudrait valider si on a encore besoin d'utiliser cette étape car selon le déploiement que j'avais fait, je n'avais pas besoin de l'utiliser

Author: https://github.com/CQEN-QDCE/digital_marketplace/commit/d9eac02dbee1a71cbda60923cf45a9502b52ea26

    ```
	2.3 Deploy marketplace.yaml with the keycloak parameters
    
    ```bash

>     oc process -f openshift/templates/marketplace.yaml -p KEYCLOAK_URL=<keycloak-url> -p KEYCLOAK_CLIENT_SECRET=<keycloak-client-secret> | oc apply -f -        

Reviewer: Il faut passer les paramètres pour le service de messagerie selon ce que je me rappelle

Author: https://github.com/CQEN-QDCE/digital_marketplace/commit/d9eac02dbee1a71cbda60923cf45a9502b52ea26

    ```
    The values for the parameters come from:
    | Parameter | Source |  Value Example |
    |---|---|---|
    |   KEYCLOAK_URL |URL in Openshift deployed keycloak app|https://keycloak-digital-marketplace.apps.exp.openshift.cqen.ca|

>     | KEYCLOAK_CLIENT | keycloak: login with the credentials secrets in Openshift for keycloak  |  9d1487b9-6b8a-49f6-a1ac-84b4536f894d |

Reviewer: Il ne faut pas ajouté le secret dans un dépôt public, il serait donc préférable de générer un nouveau secret dans keycloak 
```suggestion
    | KEYCLOAK_CLIENT | keycloak: login with the credentials secrets in Openshift for keycloak  |  xxx-xxx-xx-xxxx-xxxxx |
```

Author: https://github.com/CQEN-QDCE/digital_marketplace/commit/d9eac02dbee1a71cbda60923cf45a9502b52ea26
